Connected-apps-
The Connected Apps feature provides a framework that enables an 
external application to integrate with Anypoint Platform using APIs through OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect.
Connected apps help users delegate their access without sharing sensitive credentials or giving 

Anypoint platform:-

  Access management-connected apps
  

Keep these ideas in mind when creating Connected Apps or managing authorizations:

An organization can own up to 200 Connected Apps.
Organization administrators can view all authorized applications within their organizations. 
Only organization administrators can disable or whitelist specific Connected Apps for their organization. 
Use client grant type for applications made for your team or company to ensure that as an app owner leaves the company, the application will continue to work without interruptions. 
Once an application is created, it’s assigned a clientID, which can’t be changed. Similar to user passwords, client secrets can be modified under the application settings page. 
Application actions are logged in Audit Log


Connected Apps can be classified as either first-party or third-party, which refers to the ownership of the application. The main difference relates to who has administrative access to the Anypoint Platform domain. Let’s review the use cases in more detail:

First-party applications are designed and controlled by the same organization or person that owns the domain. 
This includes server-to-server applications that simplify your existing workflows, e.g.
CI/CD pipeline accessing Anypoint Platform programmatically without a need for a service user.
Third-party applications are controlled by different people or organizations that generally don’t have administrative access
to your organization domain. They enable third-parties, such as MuleSoft partners and community developers,
to access protected resources of your organization in a secure way. 
They include Single Sign-On or mobile applications that provide cohesive user experience for authentication, e.g. 
Advance REST Client or APIMatic tools that personalize the user’s experience based on the Anypoint Platform data.
